tonight is a magical night where I
choose the cat that deserves a new life
going to the ball could get dangerous
[Music]
-
I've got a cat bite so I've got plenty
of soul
spotlights and a drumroll please
[Applause]
his party time
the most deserving cat will be reborn
into another life
so they can be who they've always
dreamed to feed what's your name
okay I got your tongue
[Music]
don't mess with the crazy cat lady
now it is time as you make the trace
right well that's not going to work is
it that's what I say to you I love it
the Yukon is a dangerous place
you never know what's coming I came up
here because I didn't want to be around
anyone and then I met buck
he was a dog like no other
they've been spoiled kenapa and he'd
suffered
[Music]
but he could not be broken
I don't know where you came from but I
know where you are now welcome to the
last place on the earth I should let him
have a minute doesn't look like he's
ever seen snow before
how do you feel about an adventure
all maps we should go you and I where no
one's ever been before
see what's out there
glad you're enjoying this
I never saw him believe in anything as
much as he believes in you
[Music]
what do you say bucket
adventure of a lifetime
[Applause]
you must sleeping for two days in my bed
[Music]
nine-one-one what is your emergency
hello hello are you there
is anyone with you
you can to a safe area
hello
[Music]
let the beat drop I was the world's
greatest spy sleepy night-night but then
you turn me into a pigeon
you better unburden eat right now you
kind of bird it yourself oh there's a
bad guy who needs to be stopped and now
I have to try to stop him while being a
bird lucky for you I'm your wingman
Wow
[Music]
let's get weird
his reason - because
[Music]
[Applause]
Fiji's nobody do I
[Music]
all right Kimora starting it's about to
get messy
time to go sleepy night-night
I miss my hands I saw Jane two weeks ago
at the rodeo look at me do I look like a
Korean we may love our country but we
want something better for ourselves I'm
gonna be a rodeo queen this year I'm
gonna win that crown I think something
might have happened to her Ajay give me
a call all right about you
J she has long brown hair her back door
was open
she's not a runaway no she's she's
missing do you know this woman you best
stop looking for your friend she's the
table if I see this girl hi Sara
she's still missing
have you seen Jane avaricum Jane
where did she was going wrong like I say
a bit of Mines the desert it all my eye
swallowing you up
I got something that will help you find
Jane
[Music]
we lost aren't you there are two types
of people in this world those who are
lost and powerless King and those who
have found their place
you can be part of something the
American Dream has been taste
nice
the American Dream has been taken away
from me
did you hear that
I think there's something downstairs
authorities in upstate New York report a
series of attacks called vampire
killings we need you doctor all the
victims have been missing a lot of blood
oh my god
so what do we know so far this is
modified virus causing DNA
transformations need your help buddy
I don't know what I've become I am your
brother together we will find it you for
this talk oh man you new is going my
people are not here I got tariffs and as
much right to live as anyone else
horrible as it will be this war is also
necessary but Nisha will prevail
the infection is spreading faster than
any of us could anticipated Oh
we're killing a stick
I'm a doctor I can help make you better
[Music]
joining with us
alone
what happens
fireman doctor
you
[Music]
dearly beloved friends we gather here
virtue in this time of man's great
innocence innocence innocence
[Music]
the smart house useful tops such news
you